Jimmyfagan/bb2 4775 can follow ups (#1581)
CMSgov/bluebutton-web-server: ops/containers/README.md

The Makefile should always have a `build-local` and `run-local` target.

## handling migrations

Before logging in to a running stack, ensure you ran the stack with READ_ONLY set to false like below:

```
make run-local bfd=test auth=live READ_ONLY=false
```

This will allow you to make a new migration and not run into any read-only file system issues.

After altering models, open a new terminal and log into a running stack using

> `docker exec -u root -it <contatinerid> bash` (for root permissions), and then run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker exec -u root -it <container_id> bash` (for root permissions), and then run
```
